welcome back to the casino and the grill
room from Calgary Alberta Canada it's
the Hart Dynasty joining me on tonight's
show we got to talk WrestleMania of
course a bill available on viewers
Choice pay-per-view a lot going on in
this event but I want to start off with
the Undertaker okay 17 and 0 at
WrestleMania is taking on Shawn Michaels
maybe the end of Shawn Michaels who
knows does he remain undefeated at
WrestleMania and of course I'll talk
about the Undertaker David I think he's
going to be remaining undefeated I'm not
undefeated yes at WrestleMania is that
the better way for him to go down as
someone who is undefeated at
WrestleMania or you know what is that
one loss on his record really do
anything she was like to see what so
ever well I think that you know when
loser draw with the undertaker and shawn
michaels with you no proof of last
year's match at WrestleMania they're
gonna deliver you know and i think that
you know i really have so much respect
for for how hard both of them were and
Shawn Michaels in particular and there's
been a lot of controversy of Shawn
Michaels and our family well but he's
very very impressive as a performer and
he probably gave the Hart Dynasty their
biggest challenge and up-to-date are
most honorable moment working with him
getting the chance to compete against
him and Triple H a few months ago on
Smackdown but at WrestleMania Shawn
Michaels and Undertaker undoubtedly are
gonna are gonna leave everyone happy
sure what I saw Brett shake Shawn
Michaels hand I was just wondering just
in the back of my mind how sincere that
was or if they have really buried the
hatchet you know into the documentary
you know behind the scenes of Montreal
Screwjob is really compelling in and
Shawn Michaels is you're right in that
category with Undertaker they're
completely untouchable I want to talk
about another canadian couple canadian
wrestler's do chris jericho defending
his heavyweight belt against the edge at
WrestleMania who you like in that match
David ooh you know what I'm gonna have
to go with edge with that you
the hart dynasty we had to take chris
jericho out of course right then the
same night we faced DX and you know he
always tells himself as being the best
in the world of what he does but we'll
see WrestleMania weekend and I think
that edge you know maybe this time off
with his Achilles injury may have made
them you know a little bit fresher a
little bit sharper for the matter so
tell you well I think that you know
again both them being from Canada some
of the greatest you know WWE Superstars
and divas do come from Canada and I
think I mean I'm a personally I'm a big
fan of both of them edges coming back
from very very serious injury they say
that you know the Achilles tendon that
injury is sometimes people don't ever
come back from that and he actually said
it was worse than his his neck injury as
far as pain and just pulls up a calf
muscle just ask david beckham this way
right it just really takes off your
light like really yes it's pretty much
debilitating and i think that like edge
is definitely have an obstacle with that
you know as far as as far as that goes
but I mean I have a lot of respect for
both of them I think I think Jericho
might pull a rabbit out of the Hat you
know we haven't always seen eye to eye
with him but at the same time um he
claims to be the best in the world at
what he does blames to be we already
know who the best there is the best
there wasn't the best mother will be and
I just want to know if he comes out on
top against Vince McMahon that's the
last question I know you're part of the
family so I guess you gotta say Brett
but everyone in this country I know was
pulling for Brett yeah certainly not
only Canadians but I think fans around
the world are probably going to be
pulling for Brett whether he'll be
victorious or not I would assume so but
mr. McMahon's no dummy he's sneaky and
he's probably got a lot of tricks up his
sleeve so yeah he might have to watch
out his back I want to see you guys I
wrestle beta having Brett's back so it's
all about yeah well you know family
sticks together and maybe in the future
you know we're excited about the
possibilities but like I said with Brett
and Vince it's really really personal
and I think that's you know it's kind of
where the intrigue is because it's just
so like I said think back to you know a
grudge you've held in your life or or a
few you have with somebody well this is
the grudge of all grudges the fate of
all you we gotta remind people back
home the bank goes down March 28 from
the university of phoenix stadium you
got to check it out on viewers choice
pay per view which wrestlemania 26 got
see them fight east on the card it's
jam-packed don't you dare miss it wow
that was a battle rip off right there I
apologize we gotta take a break spill
more with these two it's the hard itís
to come up and after this